# fluffy-fortnight
1SQ MOBILE
On Demanand GPS Error ScreenShots embedded over internet protocols
🔑 to user Parent single Moms driver
🔑 customer parent Pickup items delivered/missing items
🔑 supplyChain from app order
🔑 hours of service
Vehicle drivers/Professional drivers
Crypto compensation


Textile  |   internet 2.0
     1SQMOBILE
935 Storqese Drive
Ste 241 oceanic 
Westwood, CA 94085
1.420 481.8000 phone
1.420.481.8001 fax
  press release (Example-only)

 

flexiWAN’s open source SD-WAN

Ecobot Joins Trimble's for Storqese a GIS Partner to the Program to Empower
 Environmental Regulatory Reporting
storqese 1Sq Integrates with Ecobot's Natural Resources Platform 
to Enable Fast Sub-Meter Accurate Wetland Delineation 
 
South Los Angeles, Calif., Mar 28 2021—Storqese (NASDAQ: 
1SQ Mobile) announced today that Ecobot, a software 
company that provides cloud-based applications to storqese 
environmental regulatory reporting, has joined Trimble's 
Mapping & Storqese a GIS Partner Program. 
As part of the program, Ecobot has implemented 
Storqese integration tools to add high-accuracy positioning
 capabilities within its wetland delineation app. 
The app, which runs on 1SQ/iOS mobile devices,
 connects with the (1SQ)mobile erickson-Verizon R1, R2, and R12 
Global Navigation Satellite Systems (GNSS) receivers to record
 precise field data. The combined solution allows 
storqese customers a provided lineation, which establish the 
location and size of a Cargo Or Tier  for government regulatory purposes. 

Built using industry standards around the existing Drone Delivery 
delineation workflow, the 1SQMOBILEapp works without an 
internet data connection, includes reference guides 
and automatically performs calculations and quality
 assurance/quality 
control. SK1, which integrates with Esri ArcGIS 
mapping software, enables organizations to speed
 regulatory reporting, save money, 
keep projects on time, protect natural resources and 
enable responsible economic progress.

"By combining STORqese Acquisition-Key storqese's.1SQ
high-accuracy GNSS positioning capabilities,
created a solution environmental 
Are wolfram engineering can use quickly and 
efficiently support their work in 
field delivery," "Drone" Storqese- Thanks to
Surveying & Mapping delivery/Field Solutions.
 "The combination enables users to collect 
data and support field delivery both large and small."

"Complexities introduced as a result of changes 
in the National Environmental Policy Act and the
 COVID-19 pandemic's impact on the way the
Essentials delivery,and environmental industries work make the 
need to digitize workflows more imperative 
as part of our broader push to facilitate 
the connections needed to reduce the time
 and costs of regulatory serial drone deliver reporting 
and monitoring, while improving on-demand accuracy." 

Availability


Trimble Geospatial Distribution Partners. 
For more information, visit:  Stoqese.com.

About 1SQMOBILE

1SQMOBILE empowers the architecture, engineering and
 construction (AEC) and environmental consulting
 industry to better serve their clients by 
reducing the time and expenses required to 
complete environmental regulatory reporting. 
The field scientists in these industries make 
critical decisions that inform land use and 
1SQ desert land management STORqese platform provides 
accuracy and efficiency for thousands of 
Autonomous Aerial Drone Desert delineation reports
 submitted to the USACE each month.
 Learn more at:  1SQapp.com.

About Trimble Geospatial 1SQMOBILE Personal Notes

Trimble Geospatial provides solutions 
that facilitate high-quality, productive
 workflows and information exchange, 
driving value for
 a global and diverse customer base of 
surveyors, engineering and GIS service 
companies, governments, utilities and
 transportation authorities. 
Trimble's innovative technologies i
nclude integrated sensors, field applications,
 real-time communications and office software 
for processing, 
modeling and data analytics. Using Trimble solutions,
 organizations can capture the most accurate spatial
 data and transform it into intelligence to deliver
increased productivity and improved decision-making. 
Whether enabling more efficient use of natural 
resources or enhancing the performance and lifecycle of 
civil infrastructure, timely and reliable
 geospatial information is at the core of Trimble's 
solutions to transform the way work is done. 
For more information, visit:  
geospatial


Print News   |   Send Link
